Hi, guys.
Welcome.
In this lecture, we're going to start building the product detail screen.
Now let's make this cleaner.
What we can do is we can create a new folder for this and we're going to create this folder in the views
directory.
Okay, new folder.
And we're going to call this folder detail.
And within the detail folder, we are then going to create a new file and we're going to call this file
products on the score detail, on the score screen, and then the section is dot dot.
And now we can just go with the stateless widget for now.
And since we can upgrade it to the stateful widget, if there is a need, let's widget and product.
Product detail screen.
So this screen and over here, we need to highlight and use control dots to import the material that
that's package.
Okay.
And we can get rid of this sorry, this container and use a scaffold in order to have access to a lot
of property scaffold.
And for now we can have a body and a centre with jets.
Then inside and it says We jets.
For now it's just going to say detail.
And we need this over there is control needs to save.
And now we have to head back to the product model.
Right.
Because basically we have the design for this over here.
So when we click on this, we want to go to that product detail screen.
To do that, we have to wrap this part in with a button.
Right.
Okay.
A light and use control dots.
Sorry.
A light is not wrapped with jets and we can drop this with an inkwell or we can just wrap this with
a gesture detector.
Gesture detector.
And as you know, the gesture detector has a property known as on tap.
And for the on tap, we can then say navigator, dot push.
This will automatically pass the contest and it's asking for the route name.
For the route name.
This is going to be material page route.
Drought.
Paid roots and.
Over here, we have to pass the contest and then we just have to return the product detail.
Sorry.
Details, screen.
And over here, we need a semicolon on here as well.
Okay.
Hover in this to see what we are missing.
And we're missing one additional parenthesis.
To start this now.
Okay.
It's going to take some time to restart and.
It's going to work just fine as expected.
Okay.
Sorry.
It's taking longer than expected.
Or I'm just going to do this behind the scenes.
See taking longer.
Okay.
So what you just have to do is after you, you log in, you just have to click on this and it's going
to take you to that new screen.
Okay, guys, see you in the next lecture.